As recorded at Luke 6 and verse 38, Jesus encouraged His followers to practice giving.
Your generous gifts of time, energy and financial resources have shown that you take this encouragement
to heart.
You have made a practice of giving by continuing to look for ways you can support one another,
both locally and globally.
The governing body has asked me to convey to you their sincere appreciation for your practice
of giving.
Your kindness contributes to the spirit that Jesus goes on to describe at Luke 6, 38.
Practice giving and people will give to you.
They will pour into your laps a fine measure, press down, shake it together and overflowing.
Forward the measure that you are measuring out, they will measure out to you in return.
And if you feel your contributions are small.
Never forget that every one of your acts of generosity contributes to a ripple effect that
goes from person to person and promotes generosity throughout our entire brotherhood.
In the following video, notice some examples of how your donations were used to help our
brothers and sisters recently, and how those same ones were then motivated to practice
giving themselves.
I am deeply grateful for the valuable help I receive from the videos for the midweek
meetings.
These have helped me to make simpler presentations in many times to find just the right scripture
to answer a certain question.
They have also helped me to make better use of the videos in the ministry.
I feel happy and very cared for by Jehovah who gives us what we need and in the best
way.
And I am also aware that to have all these beautiful things resources are needed, resources
to continue producing videos that teach us and that move us so much.
So I am determined to continue planning my donations so that I can contribute and show
my gratitude to Jehovah for the wonderful work they do.
I have enjoyed life at Bethel for almost 60 years and I have lived in various different
buildings.
The needs of the work were cared for at the previous branch for more than 30 years.
It was very nice and I experienced a certain nostalgia when I left it.
Now we have something that we would never even have imagined when we started talking about
a new branch.
It is really comfortable, beautiful, functional and worthy of the God we represent.
Today I thank our loving Heavenly Father Jehovah for this new branch and I do not forget
to thank the brothers for their generous contributions.
This reminds me that I also have to make my own donations just as every other member of
the Bethel family does.
I am very happy and very grateful to Jehovah for allowing me to enjoy this beautiful
provision.
I work with the Bulu translation sim in Ibaloa in the south of Cameroon.
Voluntary donations help to cover the basic needs of translators such as food, offices,
accommodations and transportation.
Also, thanks to these donations, we are happy to have received the enjoy life forever
book in Bulu.
There is no longer have to translate the material for their students.
With the book in Bulu, they can go straight to the point which makes the study more interesting.
Knowing that my donations help to realize such projects, not only for the Bulu language
but for the many other languages Jehovah's organization translates into is an amazing
privilege.
When the towel volcano erupted, it had a very big effect on me personally and for my
part as a wife and a mother of three, it was truly difficult for me to face.
Jehovah provided for our needs by means of the brothers.
This truly brought us joy and happiness, so we never felt that we were lacking anything.
That was what encouraged us to also help our brothers by giving our time and energy
especially to those in need.
Whether it is a little or a lot, when Jehovah sees that it comes from our heart, he will
surely value it.
It is heartwarming to see the practice of giving that is evident throughout Jehovah's
organization.
Your ongoing contributions, regardless of the size or method, all contribute to the growth
and unity of our brotherhood.
This pattern of giving is part of our worship and brings honor to our Heavenly Father.
Despite challenging circumstances, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters,
and even economic uncertainty, you have been overwhelmingly generous.
Jehovah certainly takes note of your generous spirit and we do as well.
It is our prayer that Jehovah continues to bless your practice of giving with a fine
measure pressed down, shaken together, and overflowing.
Thank you for all you have done and continue to do.